update docs to add message about restarting vs code (#1224)
typicode/husky: docs/README.md

[ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"
```

> !> **for some apps (eg, VS Code), you can resolve this simply by restarting the app. try this before following any of these steps above!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **For some apps (e.g., VS Code), you can resolve this simply by restarting the app. Try this before following any of these steps above!**
```
